Add clarification on the no-op nature of the metric API. (#829)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/metrics/api.md

API from the SDK](../library-guidelines.md#requirements), so that different SDKs
can be configured at run time.

### Behavior of the API in the absence of an installed SDK

In the absence of an installed Metrics SDK, the Metrics API MUST consist only
of no-ops. None of the calls on any part of the API can have any side effects
or do anything meaningful. Meters MUST return no-op implementations of any

> instruments. The API MUST NOT throw exceptions or cause any problems for
> users.

Reviewer: This goal is a bit vague, maybe rephrase it as:
```suggestion
instruments. From a user's perspective, calls to these should be ignored without raising errors
(i.e., *no* `null` references MUST be returned in languages where accessing these results in errors).
The API MUST NOT throw exceptions on any calls made to it.
```
